oh you're looking at a Dodge Ram 1500
Gervin that is a CNG van it means it
runs on natural gas as a special fill
and fills with gas natural gas it has a
little mileage of just 26,000 miles
unbelievable 494 it's in good shape
starts right up runs great now that says
I'm added fuel only but it is definitely
it can run on unleaded or CNG but they
run it on my own either they would have
to be converted it is set up for CNG
only runs great starts right up as
overdrive you can see there has a couple
of bumps and scrapes around has a dent
here in the back you can see the CNG
sticker there and it takes a takes a
fill here you Wow it's a rubber cap on
it didn't see it put the fill nozzle in
there and fill the fill the CNG up
brand-new spare typical of these fleet
vehicles they're maintained well this
seat looks like it might have been
recovered or at least the side was a
couple little stains but no tears or
anything nothing awful and is in real
good shape and there there's a scrape on
the side
it is a ram 350 the motor sounds great
of course CNG is very easy on a motor
and then you add very little mileage to
it and there's almost hardly anywhere at
all to a vehicle you can see the tank
underneath underneath there
let's tag here I'll go for a quick ride
please don't call me after you've won
the option to say oh I didn't see the
CMG it is a CNG vehicle I believe there
is not one place near us to fill it
either it from NIMH the closest is
Wilmington Delaware which is about an
hour away so remember that when you're
bidding and picking up things like that
I know in Utah in some states there's
great tax benefits to bringing a CNG
vehicle into the state Act in Utah the
they reduce the price of the CNG gas to
right make it really worth it
some states are the same way the rising
price of gasoline CNG is bound to be
popular
that night on is for windshield wiper
bud
otherwise all the gauges are good
transmission shifts well see plenty of
old pressure they're charging the air
conditioning works and the radio plays
highway speeds that
some sixty miles an hour he rides nice
and straight
so if you're looking for a 15-passenger
a big man cheap man and you have the
availability of CNG
can do well with this one
we will pick you up at the
baltimore-washington airport or the
train or bus station if you would fly in
to drive this but again we don't have a
filling station nearby and it's near
empty so you have to figure out the
closest one the ballet or Maryland and
either have it towed there or ship there
or or something like that
or think about converting it back to
unleaded but either way this truck runs
great low mileage makes it have a lot of
life left in it
so by this CNG 15 passenger